Believe you can and you're halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt  
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. – Sam Levenson  
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference in the world. – Roy T. Bennett  
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James  
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius  
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. – George Addair  
Opportunities don't happen. You create them. – Chris Grosser  
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – Walt Disney  
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph. – George Washington  
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. – Theodore Roosevelt  
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. – Walt Whitman  
Dream big and dare to fail. – Norman Vaughan  
It always seems impossible until it's done. – Nelson Mandela  
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill  
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. – Franklin D. Roosevelt  
If you can dream it, you can do it. – Walt Disney  
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. – C.S. Lewis  
Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter. – Dan Reeves  
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. – Steve Jobs  
Stay hungry, stay foolish. – Steve Jobs
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. – William Butler Yeats
Great things never come from comfort zones. – Neil Strauss
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. – Mark Twain
The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Peter Drucker
Believe in yourself and all that you are. – Christian D. Larson
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. – Henry Ford
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. – Peter Marshall
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Turn your wounds into wisdom. – Oprah Winfrey
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. – Wayne Gretzky
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. – Lao Tzu
Action is the foundational key to all success. – Pablo Picasso
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. – Charles Kingsleigh
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. – Sean Patrick Flanery
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door. – Milton Berle
Everything you can imagine is real. – Pablo Picasso
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. – Henry David Thoreau
Believe you deserve it and the universe will serve it. – Unknown
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will. – Suzy Kassem
You become what you believe. – Oprah Winfrey
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits. – Jerry Dunn
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. – Jim Ryun
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. – Anonymous
Do what you love and the money will follow. – Marsha Sinetar
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. – Napoleon Hill
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. – Arthur Ashe
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. – Winston Churchill

